page/2resources.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Resources
permalink: /resources/
icon: map-signs
type: page
show_in_header: true
---

* content
{:toc}

## Getting Started with QGIS

- Brendan Harmon has [this great intro](https://baharmon.github.io/intro-to-qgis) (and much much more) on his website.

- The Leventhal Map & Education Center (at the Boston Public Library) has very nice [guides and tutorials](https://geoservices.leventhalmap.org/cartinal/guides/) for many QGIS tasks and topics.

- [Official QGIS Download/Documentation](https://qgis.org)

## Looking for Data Sources?

<iframe id="resource_list" src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vT2u1v6ibOZs47sa9z3ssu0WZ5fB3ulpuE9rRWo2_g2T95nYcEjM8JFjOfnst5mN1n9gsxFVQercTcV/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false" width="100%" height="800px"></iframe>

[add to this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X1nLwK_xJV1rkle_HWWx3TJfL6-AQLCA9uWq40u6vgE/edit)

<button id="refreshform" onClick="document.getElementById('resource_list').src = document.getElementById('resource_list').src;">refresh</button>

## Shared Google Drive Folder

Feel free to upload documents, create spreadsheets, or generally add content to our shared Google Drive folder:

[https://tiny.cc/gfa-lsu-gdrive](https://tiny.cc/gfa-lsu-gdrive){:target="_blank"}

## FOSS4G Resources at LSU

We are collecting information about where open source geospatial software exists in labs on campus. If you have something to add, you can do so by filling out this form.

<iframe id="lab_list" src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSZzilZ0Uh_mV2jOf9RG6P321NarAANMZAjMLAYE8CmTWRYFVCnJnxSw85-94r7nIHob9fvX66qAEhu/pubhtml?gid=1585524269&amp;single=true&amp;widget=true&amp;headers=false" width="100%" height="300px"></iframe>

[add lab to list](https://forms.gle/UdfJGqBA21M9SVaYA)

<button id="refreshform" onClick="document.getElementById('lab_list').src = document.getElementById('lab_list').src;">refresh</button>

Commit message:

add link to georeferencing video

page/2resources.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Resources
permalink: /resources/
icon: map-signs
type: page
show_in_header: true
---

* content
{:toc}

## Getting Started with QGIS

- Brendan Harmon has [this great intro](https://baharmon.github.io/intro-to-qgis) (and much much more) on his website.

- The Leventhal Map & Education Center (at the Boston Public Library) has very nice [guides and tutorials](https://geoservices.leventhalmap.org/cartinal/guides/) for many QGIS tasks and topics.

- [Official QGIS Download/Documentation](https://qgis.org)

- [Georeferencing with QGIS](https://u.pcloud.link/publink/show?code=XZAiCzXZpH9QLpAL2UkC8QnibjrrlXyIOd3X) - walkthrough presentation from GIS for Design session

## Looking for Data Sources?

<iframe id="resource_list" src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vT2u1v6ibOZs47sa9z3ssu0WZ5fB3ulpuE9rRWo2_g2T95nYcEjM8JFjOfnst5mN1n9gsxFVQercTcV/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false" width="100%" height="800px"></iframe>

[add to this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X1nLwK_xJV1rkle_HWWx3TJfL6-AQLCA9uWq40u6vgE/edit)

<button id="refreshform" onClick="document.getElementById('resource_list').src = document.getElementById('resource_list').src;">refresh</button>

## Shared Google Drive Folder

Feel free to upload documents, create spreadsheets, or generally add content to our shared Google Drive folder:

[https://tiny.cc/gfa-lsu-gdrive](https://tiny.cc/gfa-lsu-gdrive){:target="_blank"}

## FOSS4G Resources at LSU

We are collecting information about where open source geospatial software exists in labs on campus. If you have something to add, you can do so by filling out this form.

<iframe id="lab_list" src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSZzilZ0Uh_mV2jOf9RG6P321NarAANMZAjMLAYE8CmTWRYFVCnJnxSw85-94r7nIHob9fvX66qAEhu/pubhtml?gid=1585524269&amp;single=true&amp;widget=true&amp;headers=false" width="100%" height="300px"></iframe>

[add lab to list](https://forms.gle/UdfJGqBA21M9SVaYA)

<button id="refreshform" onClick="document.getElementById('lab_list').src = document.getElementById('lab_list').src;">refresh</button>
